# LBPIC-ME
This repository consists of progamming code, workspaces, and a real dataset for the paper "Analysis of length-biased and partly interval-censored survival data with mismeasured covariates" written by Li-Pang Chen and Bangxu Qiu, which has been submitted for consideration for publication in Biometrics. 

A list of files:
1. Demo-Data analysis.Rmd: An R markdown file that is used to demonstrate real data analysis.
2. Demo-Data analysis.html: A demonstration displayed by html, which is generated by Demo-Data analysis.Rmd.
3. Demo-simulation.Rmd: An R markdown file that is used to demonstrate simulation studies.
4. Demo-simulation.html: A demonstration displayed by html, which is generated by Demo-simulation.Rmd.
5. Naive_normal.R: An R script for simulation studies based on the naive method ignores measurement error effects.
6. Naive_normal.RData: A workspace that contains the estimation results from Naive_normal.R.
7. Predicted_time_for_real_data_analysis.rar: This folder contains 9 .xlsx files, which summarize predicted failure times for all teeth derived by several methods in the main text. Those .xlsx files can be used to demonstrate survivor cutves, as demonstrated in Demo-Data analysis.html.
8. SIMEXBoost_normal.R: An R script for simulation studies based on the proposed method with measurement error correction.
9. SIMEXBoost_normal.RData: A workspace that contains the estimation results from SIMEXBoost_normal.R.
10. k-fold SIMEXBoost for tooth data.R: An script for real data analysis (for the dataset "tandmob2.RData") based on the proposed method.
11. tandmob2.RData: A dataset for the signal tandmobiel study.

ps. To clealy see html and files in .rar, one should follow the route "<> Code --> Download ZIP" to download all files.
